c:\users\yusupov.v\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\bin\Debug\ExchangeRates.exe.config
c:\users\yusupov.v\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\bin\Debug\ExchangeRates.exe
c:\users\yusupov.v\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\bin\Debug\ExchangeRates.pdb
c:\users\yusupov.v\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\yusupov.v\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\yusupov.v\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\ExchangeRates_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\yusupov.v\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\ExchangeRates_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\yusupov.v\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\yusupov.v\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\ExchangeRates.g.resources
c:\users\yusupov.v\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\ExchangeRates.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\yusupov.v\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\MainWindow.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yusupov.v\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\ExchangeRates.exe
c:\users\yusupov.v\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\ExchangeRates.pdb
C:\Users\Yusupov.V\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\Controls\Savings.g.cs
C:\Users\Yusupov.V\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\Controls\Settings.g.cs
C:\Users\Yusupov.V\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\Controls\Savings.baml
C:\Users\Yusupov.V\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\Controls\Settings.baml
C:\Users\Yusupov.V\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\Controls\ValuteBox.g.cs
C:\Users\Yusupov.V\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\Controls\ValuteBox.baml
C:\Users\Yusupov.V\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\MainWindow.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Yusupov.V\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\ExchangeRates_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Yusupov.V\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\Controls\SavingForm.g.cs
C:\Users\Yusupov.V\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExchangeRates\ExchangeRates\obj\Debug\Controls\SavingForm.baml
